Wait a second. So 54 years later,
after the assassination of president John F. Kennedy,
they're still not releasing all the files do not be misled by this word
addresses. Uh, nobody is or was asking for any addresses.
All you have to do is look at the details, which is that the FBI,
the C I a and other unnamed agencies.
Let me guess the NSA deemed that this information was sensitive to
national security.
So the question becomes who on earth are they protecting?
Whose identity nevermind the addresses 54 years later.
Do you wanna know whose name is in there?
I guarantee it George H w Bush that's right.
Former president and former CIA director.
Who's already been linked years ago through a declassified document that shows
that he was involved in the investigation of JFK,
which of course he denied and said that it must be a different George Bush and
years later when questioned about it again,
he refused to comment on it entirely.
And although George HW Bush would become the director of the CIA 13 years after
the death of JFK at the time of JFK's death,
he was indeed a top level CIA agent. In fact,
even briefing president Dwight Eisenhower who have of course,
was the president before JFK.
So you need taken into account that he's already been linked to the invest that
he was a top official,
which obviously anyone investigating the death or homicide,
the assassination of a sitting president would be assigned to top level
officials, which he was, he denied it. And here we are, 54 years later,
and the CIA,
the FBI and other agencies consider it critical to national security.
This in itself is a complete admission of a coverup. Think about it.
Someone who was a president and the director of the CIA would have incredible
knowledge and information that the general public would not have.
And for some reason,
they still don't want the general public to have all the information.
If you're not aware, George H w Bush south is rapidly de to are rating.
If you haven't heard, there are rumors going around that his mind is going,
that he has become senile. He's saying weird things,
and he's not completely coherent.
So considering the fact that he was the director of the CIA,
just imagine what he knows, even more things than presidents know,
and he's going Sile,
isn't it possible that they're afraid he might say something. I mean,
just look at the unusual coincidence of the timing of the fact that they were
gonna withhold these names and addresses to the precise timing of these
groping and sexual misconduct allegations made against them.
Is it possible that the powers that be one who burden and stressed the mind
of an old man in order to prevent him from saying something related to the JFK
incident, or maybe it it's a threat, maybe they're afraid.
He might say something on his deathbed,
knowing that he is rapidly deteriorating. Now,
obviously that's just conjecture and speculation on my behalf,
but the powers that be have been indeed protecting the Bush family for far
longer than most people are aware of take Prescot Bush.
The father of George H w Bush and the grandfather of George w and Jeb,
which many people are not aware was a founding director of the union banking
corporation,
which literally funded the United States and the Nazis during world war II,
literally funding both sides, which has to be the most sinister thing possible.
So that way you win and make a fortune no matter who loses.
And despite this being in violation of trading with the enemy act,
absolutely nothing happened to him. And less than 10 years later,
he would become a United States Senator,
but do not be fooled by these headlines that say he assisted Hitler's rise to
power and make you think that, oh, maybe they,
they gave him money and loan to money in the thirties before world war II. No,
no, no, no. They were doing business and funding the Nazis into October of
19 42, 3 years after Hitler invaded Poland and started world war II.
And he got off the hook completely gave birth to a child who become CIA
director,
a president who would give birth to a child who'd become pro president whose
other son was trying.
It's like seemingly the powers to be were trying to force him into the white
house,
despite overwhelming public dissent and having no interest in Jeb Bush becoming
the president. We all saw what happened there. Now,
if you're wondering what this has to do with the JFK's death,
I'm priming your brain for the information that you're about to get never mind
all the conspiracy theories as they've been involving the grassy Nole,
the fence, the storm drain,
and various theories on who a second gunman could have been because all those
things are debatable. Look at the evidence that we Don know, which is positive,
that there was a coverup take. For example,
the so-called stretcher bullet that was found on the gurney of governor Conley,
which of course was injured in assassination event of JFK.
This bullet went through two people, a neck and two bones,
and somehow it was miraculously untouched.
And when you compare the same bullet to other bullets found in this event,
you can see the dramatic difference. And if you're not familiar with ballistics,
well, bullets are made of lead, which is very mallable.
And even when you shoot them into water, look at the incredible damage.
And they want us to believe that somehow this bullet was found on a stretcher
with zero damage and zero blood on it at all. In other words,
somebody planted it who had access to that hospital.
And we know now that George H w Bush was involved in this investigation and
denied it a top level CIA agents. So this is the part where a lot of people,
even though approximately seven outta 10 Americans is convinced of a coverup and
a second gunman, many other people don't buy into it, cuz they're like,
wha why would the government kill their own president?
They just don't think it's possible.
So let me get into that and start off by showing you what Dwight Eisenhower the
president right before JFK,
his very speech before leaving the white house was literally about outing the
military industrial complex.
That various powers that are able to remain anonymous in the intelligence
community were able to seize power that far exceeded the constitution and
the powers of the presidency.
That was his very last speech before leaving the white house. Yet,
most people are completely unaware that JFK made a speech just three months into
his presidency, just three months,
not even after Dwight Eisenhower speech and in the speech.
He discusses secret societies and the very grave,
danger and ambitions for those who want increased security.
And this ties right into the reason or E motive,
a significant motive of why the powers that be and the intelligence communities
or the military industrial complex would wanna kill JFK take, for example,
the Cuban missile crisis,
all the intelligence officials and chief of staff wanted to launch and go
straight to war with Cuba. JFK did not go along with it.
He showed restrain and he made the right decision.
And this is the part where it gets really disturbing declassified documents that
most people are completely unaware of prove that the United States government
conspired to commit a false flag attack to blame on Cuba in
order to implement a full fledged invasion of the country.
They even discussed blowing up a drum own airliner and faking it to look like
the Cubans had shot it down.
They discussed blowing up a war inside Guantanamo bay.
They discussed lobbying mortars into Guantanamo Bay's base itself and blaming it
all on the Cubans.
And they even outline how they could utilize the casualty list in newspapers to
grow indignation from the American public to so port this war and you can press
pause and look at other other tactics that they were investigating.
This is real.
And just look at the date on that less than a year after JFK said it would
happen. So here's the part that you really need to know.
JFK signature was the only one left that was required in order to implement this
plan. He refused. So the second most likely re involves Vietnam.
Although JFK did send troops and at the time of his death,
there was approximately 16,000. He refused to do a full fledged invasion,
like the powers that B wanted to. And you can see here,
JFK died towards the end of 1963. And just over a year later,
that number would grow exponentially and even more in the years following.
But what 99% of an Americans I would venture to say have no idea is that it has
been proven through declassified documents verified by report from the NSA
that the Gulf of Tonkin incident,
which involved an attack on us warships from the north Vietnamese
was completely a staged false flag event that did not happen.
And the utilize it as an excuse for Congress to vote for war on the resolution
to completely invade that country. And that happened in August of 1964,
less than 11 months after the assassination of JFK,
the president who refused to fully invade Vietnam. This is real.
This is verifiable. Yes,
the United States government's excuse for invading Vietnam was made up
and all the documents prove this.
And 99% of the public has no idea and it gets even worse.
Did you know that Richard Nixon it's been proven decades later and a low LBJ
thought this the entire time in the American public was completely unaware that
Richard Nixon and his quest to become president literally spent money and bribe
various Vietnamese officials in order to postpone the Paris peace talks,
which would of course end the conflict or roar, I should say in Vietnam,
all you ever hear about is Richard Nixon being tricky. Dick in Watergate,
bugging the hotel rooms of a,
his political opponents to get himself an advantage.
When all this time it was known that he literally sabotaged the Paris peace
talks in order. So he could get credit.
When he became president for ending the war and being like, look, I'm the hero.
Meanwhile,
more than 20,000 people were killed and who knows how many injured while those
peace talks were delayed? Just like I mentioned,
the video prior to this one where I say that the mainstream media is complicit
in coverups in manipulation of information.
Just look at the date that the New York times covered this story,
new year's Eve, probably the least watched news day of the year.
And people are only the only thing they're watching is times square and the ball
dropping. Do you see what I'm talking about here? The coverup is real.
The United States government plotted a false flag attack to go to Cuba.
Unsuccessfully because JFK said no, JFK said no to a full scale invasion,
less than a year later,
they literally voted to go invade Vietnam based on a false flag
attack that never happened. And they knew it.
And this is a hundred percent verifiable declassified documents per of this
99%. Again, like I say, probably maybe 98 have no idea.
The truth is stranger than fiction. Guys. I'm not kidding.
When I say that this is real.
So when you consider that someone or multiple people are still alive,
that have some sort of information that's critical to national security is still
being withheld 54 freaking years after the assassination of JFK.
What does that tell you?
When you look at the incredible coincidence of timing involving the George HW
Bush groping allegations to this,
when you consider the fact that he is obviously a person of incredible knowledge
and information that the general public does not have just from being a CIA
agent and president, and that his mind is going,
and you start connecting the dots and all these possibilities,
it becomes abundantly clear that this guy is somebody that knows far more about
the death of JFK than the American public. So why on earth?
Is this a national security issue? Well,
let's see if the American public found out that a former president and CIA
director was involved somehow in some way in the death or coverup of JFK,
there's your national security concern,
because we already know that the various powers that we have been protecting
this family far longer than most people watching this have even been alive.
Guys, the truth is stranger than fiction.
If you support my ambitions to expose truth, like subscribe, leave a comment.
All those things will boost the algorithms on this video.
And I also have a page Trion account helps support me in my quest to expose the
truth and awaken the masses and whatever the best ways that I can.
But I'll wrap up there. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Take care of everybody.